<!-- nickname: arrival -->
<!-- summary: New house, tall grass. He finds a rig in the reeds. Makayla and Asher want his oscillator. -->

EXT. DALLAS NEW HOUSE - DAY (s01.1)

Dallas stares at the Tall Grass outside his house as he unloads boxes from a big pile. Dallas scans the new backyard, there are some old rusty lawn furtniture and a picnic table that seems to be adjacent to a fence of grass 

Dallas goes into the grass a little bit and as he does he notices that there is, what appears to be, a makeshift trap. That, upon further inspection reveals, a small camera rig on a stick. 

As Dallas examines he hears a distinct bicycle ring.

MAKAYLA, 22 and ASHER, 14 — approach on bikes. They watch Dallas for a while.

They approach Dallas slowly as one of the boxes draws their curiousity. Makayla watches Dallas pull out a military grade Oscillator.

MAKAYLA
(to Asher but loud enough for Dallas to hear)
You know that could be used to track the baseline between the cries of the Binzos and the howls of the Oragraph. They don't really know for sure though, and of course, none of it really matters if a Nidus is forming. That's an apex predator situation. 

(action)
Asher nods with his headphones on. Makayla approaches Dallas. 

MAKAYLA
Hello there.

DALLAS
Hello.

MAKAYLA
I'm Makayla.

DALLAS
Dallas. 

MAKAYLA
Nice to meet you.

DALLAS
You too.

MAKAYLA
Did you just move here?

DALLAS
Yes

MAKAYLA
Is that an Oscillator?

DALLAS
Yes. 

(action)
Makayla looks at Asher and whispers something in his ear. He nods. She returns glances to Dallas and inches her bike closer. 

MAKAYLA
Do you think my brother Asher could borrow it some time? 

(action)
Dallas looks at the Oscillator and then at Asher.

MAKAYLA
He'll need it. 

DALLAS
What would he need it for?

MAKAYLA
Tell him Asher. 

(action)
Asher stands silent, still tracing a pattern on his palm. He doesn't look up.

MAKAYLA
Does it work?

DALLAS
It does.

MAKAYLA
What's the range on it?

DALLAS
I'm not sure.

MAKAYLA
Well okay. Asher, do you have any more questions?

(action)
Makayla turns to Asher. He shakes his head no—still not looking up, finger tapping his other fingers in an almost morse code type of way. 

MAKAYLA
Okay then. Good to know. Can we borrow it?

DALLAS
Sure.

(action)
Makayla and Asher peddle their bikes away with their new oscilattor.     Dallas watches curiously and then peers at the swinging breeze of the tall grass. 

Dallas looks down at a box of old equipment and stretches down to pick it up. 
