# Scene 2: Sierra's Box
<!-- summary: Can't sleep. Golden flicker in the grass. He opens Sierra's box; the hum starts; the battery dies. -->

INT. DALLAS KITCHEN - SUNSET (s02.1)
Dallas looks at his new surroundings. He opens drawers and closes others. Cut to : Dallas looks at a gift basket - filled with fresh fruit and items. Cut to: He hasitly begins to put forth a frozen pizza. Cut to: Dallas hangs on the couch and begins to watch tv. On the screen a weatherman talks about the upcoming Branford weather.  

A noise is heard off screen. 

EXT. DALLAS DRIVEWAY (s02.2)
Dallas goes outside and stares for a while at the edge of his property - along it a long fence of conneticut's finest natural tall grass. 

Dallas looks back at his house - and begins to go on a walk. 

EXT. BRANFORD AT NIGHT MONTAGES (s02.3)

Dallas walks around at night with a recorder in his hand. As he walks along the different coastal - he takes a big deep breath and looks saddened at the coast. He records the sounds of the ocean. 

On the way home - he records the breeze of the tall grass. 

INT. DALLAS NEW HOUSE - LIVINGROOM - Early NIGHT (s02.4)
Dallas walks in again and looks again at his new place. He looks at the windows, he looks at the doors, he looks at the cielings. He walks towards a group of large moving boxes scaterred in the center of the living room. 

Dallas opens up the box labelled "Field Notes - Branford" to find sketches of butterflies and caterpillars and scattered drawings of curious insects. As he turns the pages, the butterflies seem to morph into creatures with wings.  Angels.  He flips through some of the pages, some containing sketches of the grass and a golden creature. And a bunch of math. Dallas closes it.

Dallas reaches again for the bottom of the box, covered in dust, sumberged by cables, Dallas finds a pair of retro, ruby-red headphones. Next to the headphones is a small casette player. On the back of the player, Dallas peels back a piece of duct tape to reveal a photo sticker. A photo of Dallas and a woman, both sporting heavy audio headsets, laughing as they capture noise in a field of grass. Dalla's thumb rushes over her face. 

Dallas walks over to the ruby red casette player - he thumbs over the play button fails to do so. 

Dallas gently closes the box of headphones and gear. He takes a deep breath and opens up another box laying adjacent. He carefully pulls out a heavy military-grade desktop audio recorder, another portable audio recorder, and a small portable Oscillator on his desk. 

INT. DALLAS BATHROOM - NIGHT (s02.5)

Dallas takes a shower - and as he zones out from the sounds of the hot water, a faint hum interrupts from the far outside. 

As he takes a shower the audio tape of the ruby red cassette player fills the room. It is of a woman and her field notes and also her song.  As it plays and as Dallas continues to mourn in the shower, he begins to hear a faint hum interrupt from the far outside. 

Dallas dries off, stops the tape, and peers through the steam of the bathroom window. The hum grows louder. 

INT. DALLAS DOWNSTAIRS - NIGHT (s02.6)
Dallas rushes downstairs as the hum grows louder. Dallas, recorder in hand, scrambles toward the window and brings to record. The needle spikes. Dallas begins to adjust the dial - and begins to hear a whimpering faint, pure, harmonic tone. The sound abrutly stops. And then it starts up again. The sound abrutly stops. And then starts up again. This time in a pulsing pattern. Dallas looks at his watch and begins to time it. One Second. Stop. One second - top. Five seconds. Three seconds. 

Suddenly hum sounds like it is moving away and its loudness begins to grow faint. Looking down at the his recording, Dallas notes a spike in the waveform on the low frequency range. 

The battery dies on the recorder. Dallas smacks the back in fustration. Scrambling, he tears through a box of equipment for but none of them have batteries. 

Frustrated, Dallas abandones the equipment and heads for the door. 

EXT. DALLAS HOUSE - NIGHT (s02.7)

Dallas stands alone watching the tall grass sway agaisnt the salt breeze. Coyotes howl in the distance and the hum decreases in scale and size as the starry night disappears into the distance of the tall marsh grass. He sees a faint golden glow pulse once, twice, five times, three times. 

In the distance a thunderstorm. 
