<!-- nickname: the-hum -->
<!-- summary: Walk to town with Dominic. Birds pointed at the marsh. Streetlight flickers. Fellowship invite. -->

EXT. DALLAS HOUSE - NEXT DAY MORNING
Dallas walks outside his house, towards the edge of the property. As he approaches the edge of his yard he watches the tall grass sway in the wind. He looks at the grass for a beat too long, as he nurses the C battery in his hand. As he does so, he becomes dazed.

A faint hum is heard off in the distance of the tall grass - low from the earth. Dallas looks at his watch and begins clicking with his hand. And then he writes down some numbers on a sticky note. "3, 5, 1" 

As Dallas focuses, he notices a man approaching him from the sidewalk near his house. 

DOMINIC AMARANTO, early 40s, wearing a bright salmon covered short sleeve button walks right up to Dallas with vigor. 

DOMINIC
Neighbor!

DALLAS
What's that?

DOMINIC
You are my neighbor - I live nextdoor - I think we saw you the other day driving by - did you just move here?

DALLAS
Oh hello - yes. 

DOMINIC
Nice to meet you. I'm Dominic - this is Branford. 

DALLAS
Nice to meet you too. I'm Dallas. 

DOMINIC
Dallas, what a name - where you from? 

DALLAS
Indiana.

DOMINIC
IndyANNA - that's far from Branford. 

DALLAS
Yeah.

DOMINIC
What you know about Branford?

DALLAS
Basically nothing.

DOMINIC
So what you doing around here?

DALLAS
Just here for work. 

DOMINIC
What kind of work?

DALLAS
I do research mostly. 

DOMINIC
What kind of research? Yale hire you? 

DALLAS
No, actually I'm going to be going between Qunipiac and Southern

DOMINIC
Nice man. What you doing there.

DALLAS
Bioacoustics. 

DOMINIC
Bio-acoutsitcs. Right on. Alright listen - I'm headed into the town green right now - you want to go for a walk. What's that in your hand?

DALLAS
A battery so I could show the teller the reference.

DOMINIC
Show the teller the reference? What is that - that a C battery - Rudy's got that. Let's go - I'll buy you a coffee.

(action)
Dallas accepts. 

The two begin to wander off towards Branford. 

DOMINIC
You don't have a car?

DALLAS
No - no car.

DOMINIC
Yeah. Me neither - well I can drive - yeah, I share one with my sister, she's borrowing mine.

EXT. TOWN BRANFORD MONTAGE

Dallas and Dominic through coastal sidewalks, neighborhoods, and natural marsh fences. As they approach one patch of tall marsh grass in particular, Dallas stops.

Dallas, sheepishly, checks if Dominic is looking and when he isn't - he takes out a small oscillator and records.  

DOMINIC
Be careful - there are coyotes up in that. Some people say the noises are from owls - but I know its coyotes. 



EXT. TOWN CENTER - DAY

Dallas and Dominic walk toward a small hardware store. 

INT. HARDWARE STORE
(action)
Dominic waves to the unfriendly man at the counter and brings Dallas to the battery section. 

DOMINIC
So where you from?

DALLAS
Indiana.

DOMINIC
INDIANAAAA - how'd you land up here in Branford?

(action)
Dallas finds the correct batteries and grabs it off the shelf. 

DALLAS
Work.

DOMINIC
Yeah? Where abouts? Yale?

DALLAS
Quinipiac. 

DOMINIC
That's refreshing... What are you doing with Quinipiac

DALLAS
Mostly field and bioacoustics. 


The building looks closed. Dominic stops dead. A neon orange ticket flutters under his windshield wiper.

DOMINIC
You got to be kidding me!

(action)
He rips the ticket off and walks around to see if anyone is looking - and finds a secret key. 

As Dominic struggles to look for the key, Dallas' glance finds himself looking up at the power lines with the birds acting weird. On a sagging power line, thirty birds sit in a perfect, silent row. They aren't preening or chirping. Every single beak is pointed South-East. Toward the marsh.

The streetlight above them flickers. Once. Twice. Then steadies. Dallas watches it for a beat, then looks back at the birds.

Dominic opens the car and gestures Dallas to get in - non-chantanly the parking ticket in the glove box. 

DOMINIC
You hungry?

DALLAS
(still in a daze)
Yeah

DOMINIC
Good -  my church is doing a fellowship lunch - little picnic - I got to go to the bakery and bring a tray. You should come. 

DALLAS
Sure. 

(action)

DOMINIC
Nice - yeah - it's nice to be the new guy in town - good old branford. 



