<!-- nickname: fellowship -->
EXT. CHURCH FELLOWSHIP LAWN - LATE AFTERNOON

Dallas and Dominic arrive at CPC and find themselves in heat of a picnic. Children are running, friends down light summerwear as they play spike ball, and church goers find themselvees are on a long line for food. 

Dallas looks around at all of the new faces but does not make great eye contact. Dominic takes a deep breath and approaches the long line. 

Dominic carries a package of water and puts it under one of the fold up tables. As he does so, people look at Dallas and begin to greet him. 

DOMINIC
Line is long today - they must got Nicas. Everyone's all downing what they can before the storm. 

(action)
As they wait in line, people begin to turn around and talk to them. One lady, MARY, 55 turns around and shakes Dallas' hand enthusiastically.

MARY
Well hey there sunshine - what's your name?

DALLAS
Dallas

MARY
Dallas... Dallas, Dominic where did you get this Califorina boy from? My name is Mary - do you like chicken primevera?

DALLAS
Never really had it.

MARY
Well you should, its great.... So you ready for some proper New England weather?

(action)
Another turns around and greets Dallas. An older gentleman PAUL WILDLY, 72, approaches. 

PAUL
They claim it'll be historic. Apparently, we haven't had a storm like this since 1971 when Nixon took the US off the gold standard. Paul, nice to meet you. 

DALLAS
Dallas. 

PAUL
Now, where are you from?

DALLAS
Indiana

PAUL
Oo - then you must know of William Henry Harrison - our 9th president, served as Indiana's governor back when it was just a terriority. 

MARY
Paul, stop that. Honey - if you need I can make you some chicken primevera tonight. 

DOMINIC
He's okay, Ms. Mary thank you. 

DALLAS
Thank you. 

(action)
Dallas and Dominic sit in a circle of folded pull up chairs. 

JANICE AMARANTO, Mid 50s, approaches the line holding a small dog in her arms. She taps Dominic's shoulder.

DOMINIC
(greeting the dog)
Howie.

JANICE
(greeting Dominic)
Yeah - he's doing much better. He's been having little scares hasn't heeeee - the thunder last night really scared him - he doesn't like the thunder. Dominic, listen, you all set for dinner? You got the brussel sprouts?

DOMINIC
Got them. Should be good to go. 

JANICE
Thanks again little brother. Listen - did you give Mr. Mike his mediciation? - He has to take them now at 4:30pm - an hour or so before dinner. Make sure he takes it with some cheese or something. 

DOMINIC
Yes.

JANICE
(noticing Dallas)
What's wrong you for not introducing me to your friend Dominic  - who is this? 

DOMINIC
Dallas.

(action)
Dallas smiles and puts out his hand.

JANICE
Nice to meet you Dallas. Dominic hold Howie for a second I go to go make sure that I didn't lock the car. 

(action)
Janice abrutly leaves. 

(action)
Makayla and Asher approach from afar to the line. 

DOMINIC
Dallas, these are my niece and nephew - Makayla and Asher.

(action)
Makayla and Asher don't make direct eye contact with Dallas but fake a polite smile. Makayla taps Asher's headphones and nods toward the far end of the church lawn. Between the bushes and garden. 

The two leave the line walk over to a corner spot by the end of the church yard and huddle over a pile of brush.

Dallas takes a bite of his chicken but doesn't eat much. He's distracted by what Makayla and Asher are looking at the distance. 

(action)
They finish eating. The group begins to disperse. 