# Scene 5: The Merlin App
<!-- summary: Boardwalk through the reeds. They hear birds andSomething moving in the marsh. -->

EXT. MARSH TRAIL - LATER
The sun is dipping. Dallas and Dominic walk back home - along a wooden boardwalk that cuts through the tall, golden-yellow reeds.

Dominic and Dallas walk quietly for a while. Dominic looks out to the tall grass.

DOMINIC
The kids are always out here planting down cameras. Makayla says that they are geotagging or something. I don't know. 

(action)
The two hear a distant cry - that could be a bird. Dallas looks at Dominic.

DOMINIC
(to himself)
Yeah.

(action)
Dominic pulls out his phone, tapping an app.

DOMINIC
Hey check this - It listens to the chirps and tells you the species. They got a lot of offspree here - Coastal stuff mostly—Egret, Plover. You should get it if you're working at Quinnipiac.

(action)
Dominic struggles to get the app to work and begins to pace a bit. 

DOMINIC
Yeah - I wanted to be a writer but it never really worked out for me - so I am writing now - and going to tell a story of these marlins.

(action)
He grabs his Asmatha inhaler and takes a deep breath.

DOMINIC
(in anger)
Sometimes I wonder if this all is just make believe.

(action)
Dallas looks onward empathically. 

DALLAS
What do you mean?

DOMINIC
This whole existence - being alive - its so overwhelming and then boom - you are gone. 

DALLAS
Yeah.

DOMINIC
(to himself)
Boom - Gone. 

(action)
Dallas and Dominic walk slowly and Dallas looks out to the tall grass for a while. 
