<!-- nickname: the-coordinates -->
INT. JACE'S BASEMENT (s07.1)
Dallas looks around in amazement. The basement is covered with normal basement things - but as his eyes scan the room he notices that there are two beds, room, and clutter. Around the corner there is a workstation filled with old CRT machines and what not.

(action)
Dallas looks at all of the different audio and acoustic devices scattered across the room. On the cieling there are tiny beeds hung from strings - tiny with different colors. 

DOMINIC
This was formerly our shared basement - but, now, my niece and nephew live here have occupied. They just love this basement... Here, help me grab the fan. 

(action)
Dallas looks at all of the different audio and acoustic devices scattered across the room. Dallas walks over to one and sees the similar trail cam that he found on his property - but, this one is different. It has a small antenna attached to it. 

Dominic taps Dallas on the shoulder, breaking him out of his gaze and together they slowly move the AC unit upstairs. 

INT. DOMINIC'S BASEMENT (s07.2)

(action)
Dominic helps Dallas shove a heavy oak table against the wall. As they move - Dominic knocks over a photo frame - and Dallas grabs it. On the ground is a small, framed photo of a woman and a young boy on Dominic's shoulders.

Dominic bends down to grab the photo for a bit. 

DOMINIC
Do you have kids?

(action)
Dominic hands Dallas the photo. 

DALLAS
No. 

DOMINIC
(looking at the photo)
I had a family once. 

(action)
Dallas falls mute. 

DOMINIC
No kid now, no wife now. Just the niece and nephew. Janice and Mr. Mike. My lot in life. I'll take it.

(action)
Dominic takes a hit of his inhaler. And reaches out for a handshake. 

DOMINIC
It has been nice hanging out with you Dallas - thanks for coming and helping today. 

DALLAS
Oh you're welcome. 

(action)
Dominic scans the room and finds his gaze upon the corner. MR. MIKE (mid 70s) begins to wake up from his  rocking chair, staring fixedly at the floor. Mr. Mike scans the room and then outside and then takes a deep breath before he begins to violintely scratch the wood of the table using a jagged nail. 

DOMINIC 
Mr. Mike! Mr. Mike, what are you doing?! 

(action)
Mr. Mike suddenly looks up, his eyes milky but sharp. He points a finger at the window.

MR. MIKE
Sorry, I had to write something down. It was important that I wrote something down. Dominic. Dominic! 

DOMINIC
Yes? 

MR. MIKE
She's here!

DOMINIC
Whose here? Could you not scratch the table anymore? Whose here? 

MR. MIKE
Your sister. Makayla. Asher

(action)
Dominic dashes for the door and opens it. In pops Janice with Makayla and Asher. 

Asher runs straight towards Mr. Mike and kneels down before him. Makayla side eyes Dallas. 

MR. MIKE 
One one five three. One one five three. She's here - Dominic - Janice is here - ASHER! Is that you? Come here. Five five five five.  

(action)
Mr. Mike points to the window. 

MR. MIKE
Do you see? 

(action)
Asher's eyes widen when he sees what Mr. Mike has been writing. He already has his sticky note out; he copies the numbers, taps the page twice, then runs to Makayla and shows her. She puts the note in her pocket. 

JANICE (Early 50s) marches in, balancing two bags of groceries and a set of keys between her teeth. Makayla walks over and helps with a bag and hands Asher the keys. 

JANICE
 I-95 you know how it is. Listen, Dominic, what's the status - how we doing on the sprouts? You need to boil them first and then sear them. Alright? Last time you just boiled them and it didn't work... Dallas, you got to teach your friend here how to cook. 

(action)
Janice begins a frantic search for her keys, which she just put down. She stumbles upon Dallas's heavy audio recorder.

JANICE 
What is this? A boat anchor?

DALLAS
It's a recorder. 

JANICE
A recorder? You taping this conversation? I'm kidding, you could, la la la la laaaa. Dallas do you want to have some dinner with us? 

DALLAS
Um, no - I should be going back. Thank you though.  

JANICE
You sure honey? 

DOMINIC
Yeah Janice, Dallas needs to settle a bit. 

DALLAS
Yeah, I got some food back at home, so, I'll be okay.  

(action)
Mr. Mike in the distance begins to get agitated. He rocks slowly in his rocking chair and taps his fingers. 

MR. MIKE
They are being hunted. Javerias told me. They are being hunted.

(action)
Makayla walks over to Asher, who is still kneeling besides Mr. Mike, listening intently.

MAKAYLA
Who is Javerias?

MR. MIKE
Javerias, Javerias, he told me. I haven't seen them since the big blow in '71. The Red Eyes. They come when the pressure drops and the sky turns that bruised color. Back then, they took the whole center marsh—swallowed it whole. Javerias said if you hurt one—even if it was by mistake—they transform. They turn into the shadow ones. The predators. And when the wind picks up tonight, the Nidus will open, just like it did for the gold standard. They're coming back to finish the harvest.

JANICE
(from the Kitchen)
Mr. Mike calm down my friend woof - dinner will be ready soon. 

MR. MIKE
Are you making the sprouts?

(action)
Janice walks over and grabs Howie from her doggie backpack and rests him on the floor. Howie rushes over to Dallas. 

JANICE
Howie, wait, no no - well, look at that. He likes you Dallas. 

(action)
Dallas kneels down to meet the dog Howie. They embrace.  

MR. MIKE
When I was growing up we didn't have a dog, we had a cat - Misty - this dog is no good. 

JANICE
Stop it Michael. Mr. Dallas - would you like to watch him sometime? 

(action)
Howie motions to Dallas like he wants to be held.

DALLAS
Sure. 

MAKAYLA
How about tomorrow? 

JANICE
Yeah - I mean - we could drop him off in the morning. What do you think Dallas?

(action)
Dallas looks at Howie - and the dog looks back at him.

JANICE
Actually... Want to take him tonight? Do a little dry run? He'll sleep on the couch like a baby. I don't want you alone in that new house of yours - say how is it? Did they treat it nice? Dominic, where are you? Yeah, take him tonight sweetie - go on a big walk along the shore -  Lord knows I got can't walk him like I used to with my knees.

DALLAS
Sure. 

(action)
Dallas looks at the dog - the dog Howie looks back at the man Dallas. Makayla walks over and places the portable Oscillator from Dallas' hand. 

MAKAYLA
It didn't work.

DALLAS
No?

MAKAYLA
(thinking)
Will it actually record the frequencies? Or does it just display? How do you record?

DALLAS
There's a memory card in there. But it writes in an old format. 

MAKAYLA
What format? 

DALLAS
B24FF

MAKAYLA
Okay, I've already copied them and don't think it worked. Thank you though. 

JANICE
Makayla whats that - give it back. 

DALLAS
It's fine. 

(action)
Dallas looks at Makayla and back at Asher who is still kneeling by Mr. Mike. 

DOMINIC
Makayla, I showed Dallas your little basement dwelling.

(action)
Makayla looks over to Dallas with sus looks.  

MAKAYLA
Okay great.

(action)
Mr. Mike from the living rooms gets agitated. He begins rocking back and forth in his chair. 


MR MIKE
The numbers are off. Asher knows. The numbers are off.

(action)
Mr. Mike continues to rock - he looks over - ignores Makayala's gaze and locks eye contact with Asher.

MR. MIKE
The numbers are wrong. 

(action)
Makayla walks over to Dallas.

MAKAYLA
Does it pick up frequencies below the human range? 

(action)
Dallas nods. 

(action)
Asher, meanwhile, ignores the conversation, eyes fixed on the distant bushes at the edge of the property. The leaves flutter, though there is no wind. His finger traces a ripple on his hand.

(action)
Dominic begins to light the gas to start boiling the brussels but the lighter doesnt work. 
Janice throws up her hands and goes outside for a smoke. Dallas follows her with Howie.

EXT. DOMINIC'S PATIO (s07.3)

JANICE
Thank you again Dallas.

(action)

Dallas begins to walk across the street to his house.
