<!-- nickname: Makayla Confronts Dallas -->



EXT. DALLAS HOUSE - NEXT MORNING

The morning air is thick with the scent of ozone. Dominic''s minivan idles in the driveway. 

Makayla and Asher don't follow him. They wander toward the edge of Dallas's property.

MAKAYLA
Asher, look.

(action)
In the middle of the yard is a jagged, blackened  burn mark in the grass that resembles beads in paint hitting a white canvas - but on the green grass. It looks as if a drip of yellow blood is around it - acreating a trail. At its center lies a small, translucent crystal.

Makayla kneels and touches it. Her hair begins to flutter, static electricity pulling the strands toward the stone. She quickly pockets it.

Makayla - from the corner of her eye - and sees a trail leading from the edge of the grass into Dallas.

Janice beeps the car. Makayla and Asher lock eye contact with Dallas and begin to go further. Makayla walks over and talks to her mom.

MAKAYLA
Mom, I am going to stay here.

JANICE
What? Why - what do you have going on here.

MAKAYLA
There are these little burn marks by that.

JANICE
What? Makayla get in the car - someone needs to watch your brother.

MAKAYLA
He's fine. Where's Uncle Dom?

JANICE
He's with Mr. Mike's physical therapist. Makayla get in the car.

(action)
Makayla slams the door and walks right at Dallas - and violently knocks his door. 

EXT. DALLAS's HOUSE -  DOORWAY 
Makayla stares at Dallas for a good while - and reads his eyes.

MAKAYLA
I think we shoud talk.

DALLAS
Yeah?

MAKAYLA
Yes. 

DALLAS
Okay.

(action)
Makayla turns to the burn marks. 

MAKAYLA
What is that outside your house?

(action)
Dallas looks outside and sees that there are a bunch of burn marks on the edge of the tall grass. 

From the corner of her ear - a whimper is heard from the kitchen. 

MAKAYLA
What is that?

(action)
Makayla bursts through Dallas and runs to the kitchen. 

INT. DALLAS KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER

Dallas and Makayla hover around the table at the makeshift aquarium Dallas constructed.

ASHER
What is it?

(action)
Makayla pulls out her portable viewfinder and begins to inspect the creature further. 

MAKAYLA
I am not sure... How long has it been here for?

DALLAS
Around 2 hours.

MAKAYLA
Look at this, look how it breathes.

(action)
The pair look closer at the creature - it seems to brath through its back. Makayla touches the creature gently - which causes the Oscillator around it to spark.

MAKAYLA
We can't tell anyone about this.

(action)
Makayla turns to Dallas who nods in agreement.

MAKAYLA
Mr. Dallas, where did you find this?

DALLAS
I am not sure exactly. It was dark. 

MAKAYLA
And why did you grab it?

DALLAS
It looked like it was injured.

MAKAYLA
And is it?

DALLAS
I think so. 

(action)
Dallas walks over and pulls over his bright electronic lamp over it. Where it shows the different burn marks. 

MAKAYLA
Look at that!

INT. KITCHEN

Makayla goes back inside and huddles around the creature. Makayla presses her crystal next to the creatures neck and has a vision that the creature.

Makayla's eyes begin to roll back and she has a vision and through a fast array of imagery and light knows what the creature needs - it needs to go back to the nest and help its infinits - the creature, in this montage - also shows Makayla visuals of her mother - and how sad it was to depart this world and Makayla feels inclined not to make public this information. 

As Makayla is on the ground - the doorbell rings.

EXT. DALLAS'S BACKYARD - DAWN

Dominic emerges from the minivan, looking harried. He hands Dallas a stack of photocopied papers.

DOMINIC
This is the music for life group tonight. Thanks for hosting. I'm heading to Costco—need anything? Water? Batteries? That storm has gotten me all rattled. 

DALLAS
I'm good.

DOMINIC
Listen, Makayla and Asher - help Dallas okay - I'll be back in 45. You know what to do - we got to get this place looking sharp. Chairs inside - brownies in oven - we're going to have a good amount of folks tonight. 

MAKAYLA
You got it Uncle.

DOMINIC
Yeah? Makayla your in charge.

(action)
Makayla smiles and waves as Dominic peels out. 

Makayla turns to Dallas. 

MAKAYLA
Great - okay Dallas - where is it. 

INT. DALLAS KITCHEN

Makayla stand dumbfounded looking at the creature - they can't believe it. They walk around Makayla stares at it for a good while. 


