# Scene 14: The Connection
EXT. DALLAS BACKYARD - OLD PICNIC TABLE (s14.1)

Makayla and Dallas look on the ground for a while as they sit outside the patio. Howie sleeps peacefully near Dallas' feet nearby. 

Asher sits alone a few feet away—he begins to tap on his fingers, and then nods in approval. He takes some string from his pocket and begins to quietly thread various quanity of beads. 

MAKAYLA
What do you do when you are sad? 

(action)
Dallas looks at Howie and then at Makayla.

DALLAS
I don't know.

MAKAYLA
Your wife was an Epistemologist? 

(action)
Dallas looks at the sky and then at the ground and then at the burn marks at the edge of the property. 

MAKAYLA
She studied how fish communicate underwater?

DALLAS
She did.

MAKAYLA
Sounds like a smart lady.

DALLAS
She was... How did you know that?

MAKAYLA
How did I know what?

DALLAS
How did you know that my wife was an Epistemologist. 

MAKAYLA
I've read her papers. Read her book.

(action)
Dallas nods and looks at the ground.

MAKAYLA
Our moms gone too. But we're still here and now we are here living with her baby brother - in Branford - - nextdoor to a bioacoustics engineer.... who found the creature I have been looking for my entire adult life... Dallas, what are we going to do? 

DALLAS
I'm not sure. 

MAKAYLA
That habitat you built. What is that about?

DALLAS
I think it is senstivie to UV light. 

(action)
Makayla nods. 

DALLAS
I'm not sure yet. I'll tell you when I find it.

MAKAYLA
Sounds good. Hopefully we all are still here...

(action)
Dallas looks at Makayla with curisoity. 

(action)
A gentle breeze blows through the sky. Asher begins to pace around and bob his head a bit back and forth. Suddenly, he stops in his tracks and proceeds to walk slowly into the house. 

Makayla looks back and him and continues to fiddle with the Oscillator.


(action)
Dallas and Makayla sit for a while on the long old picnic table outside his house. In the distance the creature begins to cry and then it fades. Makayla turns to look and then thinks for a moment. 

MAKAYLA
We need to document this... Dallas. We can't tell anyone, not until we document this. The sound it made. We should try to record that.

DALLAS
I've been.

MAKAYLA
You've been what?

DALLAS
I've been recording it's sound and... it seems to be recording back. 

MAKAYLA
What do you mean?

DALLAS
I'm not sure. 

(action)
The breeze overwhelms them both in the distance they begin to hear the faint pulse of a dark deep hum. 

INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS (s14.2)

(action)
The room grows quiet.  Asher, alone, busies himself trying to connect wires up to the makeshift computer on the counter. He stops as, looks down at the cables and then far off in the distance, then on the ground, then the tall grass. His finger traces something on his leg—the same pattern, over and over. 

Outside the window, the wind picks up. 

Asher begins to tap and tap and tap, and his head begins to shake and shake and shake. He crashes to the ground.

EXT. DALLAS BACKYARD - OLD PICNIC TABLE - CONTINUOUS (s14.3)

(action)
A loud thump is heard from outside. Makayla runs into Dalla's kitchen.

INT. DALLAS' KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER (s14.4)

Makayla holds Asher by the head as he shakes on the ground. Makayla begins to sway and hum to him gently. She puts her hand on his chest and he breathes. 

DALLAS
Is he okay? 

MAKAYLA
He's fine... He's just doing Asher stuff. I think he's just processing. 

(action)
Makayla takes a deep breath as Asher relaxes. 

MAKAYLA
Sit up.

(action)
Makayla makes Asher sit up and brings him a glass of water. As she is pouring it - she notices the creature sleeping peacefully below the heat lamp. 

MAKAYLA
I find it interesting that your wife was an epistemologist - you know, they used to think that the sea was silent - but it's not. 

(action)
Dallas looks around at his kitchen island - which has turned part into a triage hospital station. A portable oscilloscope is wired up to the creature.  The device pulses in a rhythmic, golden jagged line — in sync with the creature's heartbeat.

In the distance they hear howls - and then silence again. 

The creature begins to fade - Dallas turns the dial into another frequency range and waits until it is asleep. 

MAKAYLA
(to Dallas)
What does that do?

DALLAS
(whispering)
It changes the frequency I am broadcasting.

MAKAYLA
Why are you broadcasting?

DALLAS
I'm trying to get a response.

(action)
The two look at the creature on the table. 

MAKAYLA
It looks like the creature is responding to it.

(action)
Makayla looks at Dallas and then at the creature and pulls out a small prototype from her backpack. 

The two look at each other for a moment.

DALLAS
What is that?

MAKAYLA
An amplifier.

(action)
She turns to the creature and turns it on. The creature starts to wiggle.

Behind the creature's smooth sine wave, a second signal appears—jagged, arrhythmic. It pulses in sharp, irregular bursts, riding underneath the creature's frequency like static beneath music.

MAKAYLA
That's not coming from the creature. That's drawing from outside.

(action)
The group looks at the creature and then at the oscilloscope and then at the sway of the tall grass outside. 

MAKAYLA
Dallas - I have to show you something. 
