# Scene 15: Makayla's Tracking Box

EXT. NEIGHBORHOODS - EVENING (s15.1)
The crew walk towards the neighborhood and begin the long process of making their journey down golden hour filled woodland area - as they approach a big field open field. At the end of the field are some tall trees. Dallas stops and peers around. 

MAKAYLA
Did you know that peptide crystals conduct electricity? 

DALLAS
I've heard. 

MAKAYLA
Everything does... which begs the question - what exactly is electricity? 

(action)
The crew walk into the field and find a small wooden chest on the ground, hidden beneath a field of tall grass. 

EXT. MAKAYLA'S SPECIAL WOODED SPOT - CONTINUOUS (s15.2)
As they approach the structure, they can see that it is a small wooden structure hidden by fallen trees and branches. 

Inside the structure there is a wooden box. Makayla opens it. Inside there are various trail cameras and recording equipment. On the bottom of the box, Makayla pulls out various cables and wires connected to a  small crystal. 

One device in particular intrigues Dallas. It is an old cart that has a perptual motion machine on it. Dallas walks over to it and admires it.

MAKAYLA
That's our attempt at a perpetual motion machine...



MAKAYLA
Don't worry Mr. Dallas - soon you'll hear all about my brother's inventions - they are going to change the world... He just needs to rest a bit. 

(action)
Dallas looks at one of the inventions on the ground. 

MAKAYLA
Do you believe in fate Mr. Dallas?

(action)
Dallas shakes his head no. 

(action)
Makayla picks up a small flower that looks planted. She begins to dig and unearth various alligator clips hooked up to the bottom roots. 

MAKAYLA
Uncle Dom would never understand what we happened today. What we have witnessed. 

(action)
Makayla hands Dallas a small wooden box. Dallas opens it and finds a small translucent crystal inside—a crude pyramid-like stone. Dallas holds it, fascinated.

MAKAYLA
What do you think?

DALLAS
Seems like a quartz. 


(action)
Makayla walks over and puts the cystal on top of a little bay area device that is also hidden by a bunch of branches. Makayla grabs the crystal - puts it in the center - and turns it on via a bunch of 9V batteries. She points to the two metal rods that are coming out of the portable wooden device - and nudges Dallas to grip. 

(Action)
Dallas grips - and has a wild trip.  As he does - a distant cry is heard in the distance. 

Dallas wakes up.

MAKAYLA
So, what do you think?

DALLAS
What is it?

MAKAYLA
We don't know. But I wonder what would happen if we hook up the creature to it - and your oscillator. 

(action)
In the distance the howls are getting more ganrly. Makayla and Dallas stand silent in fear.

(action)
Dallas begins to record a bit on his pocket recorder. 

MAKAYLA
(takes a deep breath and contemplates for a while)
We should go. 

