<!-- nickname: Makayla's Bond with Creature -->

INT. DALLS BASEMENT (s17.1)

MAKAYLA, DALLAS, and ASHER are crouched in the mudroom, shoulder-to-shoulder. 

Makayla stares for a long time at the golden creature. The jagged red lines on her portable viewfinder match the erratic, panicked breathing of the tiny animal. 

MAKAYLA
(whispering, to Dallas)
I think it's dying. 

(action)
The creature is not doing so good - but seems to be glowing - and the distant hum perks up again. 

(action)
Dallas walks over and then paces around the room; Asher and Makayla watch him. He taps various equipments and thinks and thinks. Dallas looks at the photo of Sierra taped to his receiver. 

DALLAS
Sierra believed that some bio-acoustics could be used as communication.  A defense mechanism.  They were camouflage.

MAKAYLA
And you?

DALLAS
And me what?

MAKAYLA
What do you believe?

DALLAS
I don't know...

MAKAYLA
Asher thinks your special. He told me the day that we all met. 

(action)
Dallas looks at Asher. And then down at his hands holding the oscillator.

DALLAS
Why do you want to find that creature?

MAKAYLA
Why do you?

(action)
Dallas thinks for a while. 

Dallas
It's hurt. 

MAKAYLA
It is hurt.

(action)
Asher walks over to the oscillator and begins to dial it.

ASHER
(Trance like)
One - one - five - three. 

(action)
Dallas gently turns the dial on his receiver to **mak115.3 MHz**. He dials the volume up just enough to create a soft, resonant hum in the basement. 

The creature's ears twitch. It stops its erratic movements. Slowly, it opens its mouth and emits a low, melodic tone, matching the frequency Dallas is broadcasting. As it sings, the golden glow in its neck grows stronger, pushing back the shadows in the room.

MAKAYLA
(amazed)
It's mimicking.

(action)
Dallas walks over to the small creature and gently rubs its furry head. 

MAKAYLA 
If we keep broadcasting... maybe we can teach it. If it learns the frequency, it can return to the marsh and you know - avoid those red-eye demon things. 

(action)
The summer breeze blows through the open basement window. 

MAKAYLA
We could to teach it.

(action)
Makayla clicks a "Master" switch on the device. A small, protective green light flickers on.
