<!-- nickname: life-group-arrives -->

INT. DOMINIC'S KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (s18.1)

Families arrive in waves. The small kitchen and smaller living room fill. The crowd tries Dominic's toasted Brussels sprouts, passed around on paper plates.

The doorbell is heard.

INT. DOMINIC'S HALLWAY (S18.2)
Makayla answers the door and sees Dallas. She quietly hushes him to the corner. 

MAKAYLA
Dallas, what happened? How is it doing?

DOMINIC
It ran away. 

MAKAYLA
It what?!

(action)
Suddenly a loud bang is heard off screen. Makayla and Dallas turn to look. Mr Mike is heard off screen.

MR. MIKE
What the heck is that? Asher. 

(action)
Makayla and Dallas hush downstairs to find the creature has made it somehow in the basement. Makayla quickly rushes to grab a box for it. 

INT. DOMINIC's KITCHEN (S18.3)

(action)
Makayla drifts through the kitchen. She opens drawers quietly. Finds sugar cubes meant for coffee. Pockets one without a word. She continues to look and finds a bunch of tupawear. She grabs a couple of them. 

Dominic catches her slipping the sugar into her pocket. He wipes his hands on a dish towel.

DOMINIC
What are you doing Makayla. 

MAKAYLA
Nothing. Just... getting sugar.

DOMINIC
For what? Where's Dallas? 

MAKAYLA
He's downstairs. He... found a stray cat outside. It's really sick. He's nursing it. I was getting it some sugar water.

DOMINIC
A cat? Alright. Well, tell him not to grow too attached - Howie is enough for us - okay? What you doing with that Tupawear - you going to put the cat in that?

(action)
Makayla nods quickly and slips away.

Downstairs, the volume of the creature frequency pulses rhythmically through the floorboards.

INT. DALLAS BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS (s18.4)
Dallas is sweating. He turns the dial up. Dallas walks over to the small creature and gently rubs its furry head. 

MAKAYLA 
If we keep broadcasting... maybe we can teach it. If it learns the frequency, it can return to the marsh and you know - avoid those red-eye demon things. 

MAKAYLA
We could to teach it.

(action)
Makayla clicks a "Master" switch on the device. A small, protective green light flickers on.

MAKAYLA
Come on. 

(action)
The glowing creature in the shoebox mimics the tone, its golden light flaring brighter with each successful note. But the louder it sings, the harder the walls of the basement shake. 

HOWIE stays curled in the corner of the stairs, disturbed, whimpering. 

INT. DOMINIC's LIVING ROOM - UPSTAIRS CONTINUOUS (s18.5)
The last family arrive late for life group: a young couple—JOSH and SARAH—with their newborn, JP. Dominic paces in the kitchen. Mr. Mike mutters in his chair, staring at the weather through the window. 

The glass pane rattles violently. 

MR. MIKE
(to himself)
They are listening to the song. They don't like the song.

DOMINIC
We have brownies about to be ready.

(action)
Makayla tries to shuffle past people who are hovering around a kitchen island grabbing popcorn and brownies. 

JOSH
Makayla, how's your mom doing?

MAKAYLA
She's doing better thanks.

(action)
Makayla darts past the crowd and heads for the stairs.

A lifegroup member JOSH, 36, Tall and blonde, talks to PAT CLENDENEN, 60s. 

JOSH
How is it going for you?

PAT
Busy week. It's tracking that it'll hit us some point later tonight. 

JOSH
Do you think there will be flooding. 

PAT
Definitely. 

(action)
The two eat carrots and dip. 

JOSH
Dominic, where's the host.

DOMINIC
He's downstairs in the basement - not feeling so good.

SARAH
He knows we're here?

DOMINIC
Yeah - he should be up in a second.

MAKAYLA
I'll go and check on him.

INT. DOMINIC'S BASEMENT - CONTIOUS (s18.6)
Downstairs, the creature is not doing so good - but seems to be glowing - and the distant hum perks up again. 

Makayla joins him and brings over some sugar cubes to thte table. The creature is unresponsive.

The sound of the LifeGroup singing "Great Is Thy Faithfulness" is muffled by the heavy basement door. Upstairs, the heavy footsteps of Dominic and the first LifeGroup guests begin to echo through the ceiling.


INT. DOMINIC'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS (s18.7)

TYLER
Alright crew, glad we are all here - gathered together. On this breezy summer night. 

(action)
The group giggle a bit as the wind picks up. The group in a circle all look at eacother. 

INT. DOMINIC'S BASEMENT - CONTINOUS (s18.8)
(action)
The creature lays out a little whipmer. 

Dallas adjusts the dial again. The creature quiets. The lights stabilize.

MR. MIKE walks in behind him. He takes one look at the room and freaks out—like a dog afraid of thunder. He points at the basement door.

MR. MIKE
What is here? What is going on downstairs?!

(action)
Dominic steps between Mr. Mike and the stairs. He guides him back by the elbow.

MAKAYLA
Easy. Easy. Nothing. 

MR. MIKE
There is something down here. DOMINIC DOMINIC

MAKAYLA
Mr. Mike what is wrong?

(action)
Makayla signals to Asher who drops a plate on purpose.  

MR MIKE. 
What in the world?! Makayla - what is going on?!
